Have we met somewhere?
He got what happened that night with his fiancé
Don't say it
My popular face
Maybe anyone who sees it will feel familiar
Hey, I said Bei Xian
You, the dignified president of history
That's kind of old-fashioned.
Besides, your fiancée is still here
That's not good.
Yes, that's right, Wei Xian
If your fiancee gets jealous
I can't coax it back now
It doesn't matter.
We're all friends.
Just to say hi
I'm not that stingy
I see you're a little drunk
I'll find someone to take you back
threat
Why do you think Mingwei is a little familiar?
He's a bit like you that night
Libeixian won't find out that I'm replacing Mingwei, right?
No, I have to address his concerns
I was roommates with him for four years in college
Like normal
But he and I are two different people.
Two kinds of people
Mingwei is a very ambitious person
He works in this clubhouse
I often borrow money from me to buy clothes and wear white and rich beauty
In order to do this kind of thing overseas
To adjust the gold to the virtual
This kind of woman
How could it possibly be my savior?
Must be an illusion
Since he is such a person
Don't associate with him in the future
Save him from bringing you down
Ok I listen to you
Have a good rest when you go back
Hello
Go down and drive Mingwei out of the dark city for me
Mingwei
I will never let you become my founder
The young lady's stumbling block